text,author,category
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do.",Steve Jobs,motivation
"Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.",John Lennon,life
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.",Eleanor Roosevelt,dreams
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.",Aristotle,hope
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.",C.S. Lewis,dreams
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.",Walt Disney,action
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.",Will Rogers,present
"You learn more from failure than from success.",Unknown,growth
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.",Winston Churchill,courage
"Believe you can and you're halfway there.",Theodore Roosevelt,belief
"The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.",Tony Robbins,journey
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.",Albert Einstein,opportunity
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.",Ralph Waldo Emerson,inner_strength
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.",Chinese Proverb,action
"Your limitation—it's only your imagination.",Unknown,imagination
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.",Unknown,motivation
"Great things never come from comfort zones.",Unknown,growth
"Dream it. Wish it. Do it.",Unknown,dreams
"Success doesn't just find you. You have to go out and get it.",Unknown,success
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.",Unknown,achievement
"Dream bigger. Do bigger.",Unknown,dreams
"Don't stop when you're tired. Stop when you're done.",Unknown,perseverance
"Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.",Unknown,determination
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for.",Unknown,future
"Little things make big days.",Unknown,appreciation
"It's going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.",Unknown,perseverance
"Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.",Unknown,opportunity
"Sometimes we're tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.",Unknown,strength
"The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.",Unknown,focus
"Dream it. Believe it. Build it.",Unknown,dreams
"You don't have to be great to get started, but you have to get started to be great.",Les Brown,beginning
"A year from now you may wish you had started today.",Karen Lamb,action
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.",Ralph Waldo Emerson,choice
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.",Confucius,persistence
"Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.",George Addair,fear
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.",Christian D. Larson,self_belief
"The future depends on what we do in the present.",Mahatma Gandhi,present
"You are capable of more than you know.",Unknown,potential
"Progress, not perfection.",Unknown,progress
"Turn your wounds into wisdom.",Oprah Winfrey,wisdom
"The comeback is always stronger than the setback.",Unknown,resilience
"Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.",Unknown,journey
"Your only limit is your mind.",Unknown,mindset
"Stars can't shine without darkness.",Unknown,hope
"Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.",Oscar Wilde,authenticity
"Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.",Charles R. Swindoll,attitude
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.",Nelson Mandela,resilience
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.",Walt Disney,action
"If life were predictable it would cease to be life, and be without flavor.",Eleanor Roosevelt,life
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.",Steve Jobs,authenticity